sites/object-management-service/todo.md, before:

TODO
====

- [x] Mark public methods on all classes. Assume unmarked methods should be considered private.
- [x] In AdminRPCTarget:createScopedToken(), if the requested scope does not exist, then create it.
- [x] Record HTTP request ID in logs when applicable.
- [x] Include the origin server URLs in the write object response.
- [x] Include the imgIX URLs in the write object response.
- [x] Update the API docs.
- [x] Redirect admin and write server API endpoints to https:
- [x] Implement the origin server endpoint.
- [x] Use default LastModified date in RemoteObject.updateFromS3Put()
- [x] Handle written objects with no key (only a filename).
- [x] Include processed video endpoints in WriteServer response.
- [ ] Process a poster thumbnail image for processed videos.
- [ ] Set the environment when starting the server.
- [ ] Validate the scope and key URL pathname parts to ensure safety and naming rules.
- [x] Solve race condition when uploading an object: Avoid writing an object while a current write is in progress to the same object.

Commit message:

OMS: Add feature to capture video poster image
 On branch object-management-service

 Changes to be committed:
	new file:   reference/aws/mediaconvert/api/with-poster-image-capture.json
	modified:   sites/object-management-service/lib/aws-media-convert/media-convert.js
	modified:   sites/object-management-service/todo.md

sites/object-management-service/todo.md, after:

TODO
====

- [x] Mark public methods on all classes. Assume unmarked methods should be considered private.
- [x] In AdminRPCTarget:createScopedToken(), if the requested scope does not exist, then create it.
- [x] Record HTTP request ID in logs when applicable.
- [x] Include the origin server URLs in the write object response.
- [x] Include the imgIX URLs in the write object response.
- [x] Update the API docs.
- [x] Redirect admin and write server API endpoints to https:
- [x] Implement the origin server endpoint.
- [x] Use default LastModified date in RemoteObject.updateFromS3Put()
- [x] Handle written objects with no key (only a filename).
- [x] Include processed video endpoints in WriteServer response.
- [ ] Process a poster thumbnail image for processed videos.
- [ ] Allow users to set MaxBitrate on video transcode.
- [ ] Set the environment when starting the server.
- [ ] Validate the scope and key URL pathname parts to ensure safety and naming rules.
- [x] Solve race condition when uploading an object: Avoid writing an object while a current write is in progress to the same object.
